Documentation/Functionalities.md, before:

# Functionalities

This document uses the requirements identified in the Requirements document to define the functionalities of the software. 


- Farm Manager
	- Plan seeding schedule
	- Calculate projected finances
	- Generate and manage tasks
	- Delegate tasks to farm workers
	- Map out crop plantings
	- Store and analyze data on harvests
	- Keep records for audits
	- Sketch up plans for farm layout


- Farm Worker
	- Easily access the software while out in the wet and dirty fields
	- Quickly and accurately input data on harvests
	- Add to and edit crops on the record
	- Easily check off assigned tasks
	- Very straightforward UI
	- Place to make notes on field conditions


Secondary:


- Farm Owner
	- View graphic representations of the farm's data
	- Use the records for writing proposals and presenting to sponsors/partners
	- Receive updates on the farm's status


- Software Developer
	- Codebase that is easy to scale and maintain


- Seed Company
	- Potential integration with app for automatic seed orders


- Farm's Customers
	- Better prices, better produce

- Soil, Amendment, etc. Companies
	- Like with seed company, potential automatic order integration/promotions


- Certifiers, Inspectors, etc.
	- Easy access to all required documentation

Commit message:

Added very high level initial functionalities

Documentation/Functionalities.md, after:

# Functionalities

This document expands upon the requirements identified in the Requirements document to identify the high level functionalities of the software. 
Each of the funcionalities will then be broken down into more implementable details in the next document.


- Farm Manager
	- Plan seeding schedule
		- Seeding planner
	- Calculate projected finances
		- Crop harvest yeild calculator
	- Generate and manage tasks
		- Task manager
	- Delegate tasks to farm workers
		- User assignment feature in task manager
	- Map out crop plantings
		- Field mapping and planning component
	- Store and analyze data on harvests
		- Harvest records data collection, manipulation, and display
	- Keep records for audits
		- Recordkeeping generation, storage, and organization
	- Sketch up plans for farm layout
		- Different from field mapping? 
		- Maybe general sketching tool that can be integrated into mapping tool


- Farm Worker
	- Easily access the software while out in the wet and dirty fields
		- Non-functional, should run on mobile devices with quickly accessible UI
	- Quickly and accurately input data on harvests
		- Recordkeeping component with very intuitive, predefined input fields and simple, responsive text entries
	- Add to and edit crops on the record
		- Variable manipulation easily accessed, can be locked by admin
	- Easily check off assigned tasks
		- Customizable workday flow to check off assigned tasks
	- Very straightforward UI
		- Again customizable flow so the worker can simply open and start inputting
	- Place to make notes on field conditions
		- Notes feature, small and otherwise out of the way


Secondary:


- Farm Owner
	- View graphic representations of the farm's data
		- Several chart generation options to manipulate, view, give sound analysis on production numbers
	- Use the records for writing proposals and presenting to sponsors/partners
		- Data tracking and exporting options
	- Receive updates on the farm's status
		- Similar with the data export, feature to send out progress reports to interested parties


- Software Developer
	- Codebase that is easy to scale and maintain
		- Non-functional, not sure yet what will satisfy this


- Seed Company
	- Potential integration with app for automatic seed orders
		- Seed requirements analysis and projections


- Farm's Customers
	- Better prices, better produce
		- Maybe some financial analysis feature and crop quality reveiw

- Soil, Amendment, etc. Companies
	- Like with seed company, potential automatic order integration/promotions
		- Amendment/soil quality tracking and analysis  


- Certifiers, Inspectors, etc.
	- Easy access to all required documentation
		- Document cloud storage and organization feature
