Documentation/SeedingPlanner.md, before:

#Seeding Planner

This document provides a detailed overview of the seeding planner feature

Desired Functionalities:
- Seeding Planner
	- Dashboard with crop plantings scheduled 
	- Calendar view of crops
		- Seeding, transplant, harvest, etc. times starting with sourced avgs and updated with user input trends
	- Nursery germination data
	- Calculated seeds required
	- Maybe some AI functionality to suggest ideal crop plans for given zone, soil, available seeds, target market, revenue, etc.
		- Ability to chat with AI tool to adjust the plan
		- Could have a model trained in farming, crops, optimized layout, etc.
	- Want the view to model the actual layout of the farm beds and segment them off with appropriate spacings
	- This could also cover permaculture design techniques and aid in designing those farms
	- Should have the ability to start from a final harvest goal or take seeds at any stage of growth and incorporate into yield projections

Requirements covered
- Plan seeding schedule
- Some other secondary requirements will be contributed to

Functionalities
- Seeding Planner

Visual (UI) overview
- The seeding planner will be available through a tab or menu selection and can be customized to be the default home page
- All of the fields of the farm will be displayed in some kind of grid format with the crops and locations
- The insertion of crops
- The seeding schedule will be generated based on the crop plan
	- maybe this whole feature should be called crop planner, not seed 

Stepthrough

Implementation plan

Commit message:

Added idea for multi-add functionality

Documentation/SeedingPlanner.md, after:

#Seeding Planner

This document provides a detailed overview of the seeding planner feature

Desired Functionalities:
- Seeding Planner
	- Dashboard with crop plantings scheduled 
	- Calendar view of crops
		- Seeding, transplant, harvest, etc. times starting with sourced avgs and updated with user input trends
	- Nursery germination data
	- Calculated seeds required
	- Maybe some AI functionality to suggest ideal crop plans for given zone, soil, available seeds, target market, revenue, etc.
		- Ability to chat with AI tool to adjust the plan
		- Could have a model trained in farming, crops, optimized layout, etc.
	- Want the view to model the actual layout of the farm beds and segment them off with appropriate spacings
	- This could also cover permaculture design techniques and aid in designing those farms
	- Should have the ability to start from a final harvest goal or take seeds at any stage of growth and incorporate into yield projections
	- Give option to have some kind of full plan multi-add or single quick add, separate buttons for one-click ease

Requirements covered
- Plan seeding schedule
- Some other secondary requirements will be contributed to

Functionalities
- Seeding Planner

Visual (UI) overview
- The seeding planner will be available through a tab or menu selection and can be customized to be the default home page
- All of the fields of the farm will be displayed in some kind of grid format with the crops and locations
- The insertion of crops
- The seeding schedule will be generated based on the crop plan
	- maybe this whole feature should be called crop planner, not seed 

Stepthrough

Implementation plan
